---
title: CPNT 265 Capstone/Requirements gathering and documentation
excerpt: Today we will begin to formulate and share your capstone project ideas
status: published
---

<script>
	import Homework from "$lib/components/Homework.svelte";
	import LessonPlan from "$lib/components/LessonPlan.svelte";
	import Achievement from "$lib/components/Achievement.svelte";
</script>

<Homework {status}>

<h2>Prep</h2>

- Think of projects that you'd like to do for your CPNT-265 capstone project

</Homework>

---
<LessonPlan {status}>


<h2>Housekeeping</h2>

- ### Project Requirements & Expectations

	- Ensure you’re using the right tools(git, branching, deployment, project management like trello, clickup etc).
	- You need to create a wireframe and or component crafting using figma or any other design tools.
	- Your project must include HTML & CSS(Tailwind CSS).
	- Store or generate data using a CMS tool or generate a DB from scratch with sql or NoSql.
	- Create your backend server/API or use external APIs.
	- Use one front end frameworks (Vue, React). No vanilla javascript.


- **Achievement 1 - 30%** 
	- Due: Wednesday, April 03, 2024
	- At the end of day 3, each person presents a detailed plan of how they will execute their project, their wire framing and design samples.

- **Achievement 2 - 30%**
	- Due: Wednesday, April 10, 2024
	- At the end of day 8, each person or group will demo the work they have so far regarding the front end and the back end.

- **Final Presentation - 40%**
	- Due: Wednesday, April 17, 2024
	- Instructor will be present in class to discuss any challenging topics in Javascript, html, css or design or anything else.


---

<h2> Project idea generation and planning </h2>

- Define project objectives, target audience, and goals

<h2> Market and web research </h2>

- Conduct market research to identify competitors and trends 
- Identify inspiration websites or apps)

<h2> Define key features and functionalities </h2>

- Set the key features and functionalities needed for your app
- Set Timeline and budget.

<h2>Requirement Gathering and Documentation</h2>

- Gather detailed requirements from stakeholders
- Plan and document functional and non-functional requirements
- Create user stories and use cases
- Develop wireframes and mockups for the website layout and user interface.

---
<h2> Activity</h2>

- Present your idea to the group.
- Get feedback from your peers.

</LessonPlan>

