---
title: Development - Database/Backend/External API/CMS - Day 1
excerpt: Today, you can start working on the backend for your project
status: published
---

<script>
	import Homework from "$lib/components/Homework.svelte";
	import LessonPlan from "$lib/components/LessonPlan.svelte";
	import Achievement from "$lib/components/Achievement.svelte";
</script>

<Homework {status}>

</Homework>

<LessonPlan {status}>

<h2>Housekeeping</h2>

- Ensure you’re using the right tools(git, branching, deployment, project management like trello, clickup etc).
- You need to create a wireframe and or component crafting using figma or any other design tools.
- **Achievement 1 - 30%** 
	- Today, each person presents a detailed plan of how they will execute their project, their wire framing and design samples.
- [Got any Questions - HTML, CSS, Tailwind, JS or Vue? ](https://ideaboardz.com/for/CPNT-265/5239734)

---

<h2>Back end devlopment: Day 1</h2>

- Choose appropriate backend technologies (e.g., Node.js).
- Develop server-side logic and APIs for handling user requests.
- Design and implement the database schema.
- Implement user authentication, authorization, and session management.

### Deployment using Vercel

- https://supabase.com/partners/integrations/vercel

</LessonPlan>

---

<Achievement {status}>

#### Weight: 30% of your CPNT 265 mark. Graded out of a maximum of 40 points

Be ready to do a mini presentation on what you've been working on
  - 10 minutes
  - think of it as a design or development brief where you're updating a client or your team

### Present User stories, designs and wireframes

In today's daily achievement dropbox, submit the following links:

- A link to your user stories. You can use any boards including but not limited to Github project board, Trello, Click up, Jira).
- A link to wireframes and figma designs.
- Ensure the project board or figma and wireframe links are public so it can be accessed for grading.


### Requirements and rubric:

#### <ins>Part 1 - User Stories - Total 20 points</ins>

1. **Clarity of Ticket: _5 points_**
    - Tickets clear and adds enough detail. 
    - Ticket type should match the type of task it is. 
    - Has a good mix of these types of tickets including feature tickets, chore/  research tickets, design tasks, bug tickets(which will be needed once you start building and testing).

2. **Relevance to App idea: _5 points_**
    - Addresses app idea at different stages of development. 
    - Aligns with project goals

3. **Acceptance Criteria: _5 points_**
    - Must have a well defined Definition of Done in the title or description.

4. **Writing Quality and Presentatio: _5 points_**  
    - User story is well written with zero grammatical or spelling errors.         


#### <ins>Part 2 - Wireframe and Design - Total 20 points</ins>
1. **Mood Board: _10 points_**
   - Color pallettes (3-5 colors per pallette)
   - Typography (2-3 type faces per group)
   - Screenshots of user interface (ui) elements on at least 3 other websites
     - headers and hero sections
     - navigation
     - lists
     - cards
     - call to action
     - 1 section of content that shows good visual hierarchy
   - See: [DSGN 270 Assignment 1](/courses/dsgn-270/assessments/assignment-1) for more details/instructions

2. **Wireframes/Mockups/Prototype: _10 points_**
   - Complete either low-fidelity wireframes or high-fidelity mockups for at least 5 screens based on a well defined User Story related to your project.
   - Submit screencaps of your wireframes to Brightspace.
   - 5 bonus points available for:
     - use of components
     - interactive prototype

</Achievement>



