---
title: Open Lab Day and Retrospective -- Cancelled
excerpt:
status: announced
---

<script>
	import Homework from "$lib/components/Homework.svelte";
	import LessonPlan from "$lib/components/LessonPlan.svelte";
	import Achievement from "$lib/components/Achievement.svelte";
</script>

<Homework {status}>

<h2>Class Cancelled due to instructor illness</h2>

- presentations will be tomorrow
- you'll have until 3pm today for your achievement 2 deliverables

</Homework>

<LessonPlan {status}>

<h2> Housekeeping</h2>

- Achievement 2 Today - Presentation of current app and display of work flow. 30%.
- [**Achievement 2 Today - 30%**](/courses/cpnt-265/assessments/achievements-2)
  - Presentation of current app and display of work flow.
- [Got any Questions - HTML, CSS, Tailwind, JS or Vue? ](https://ideaboardz.com/for/CPNT-265/5239734)

---

<h2>Back end devlopment continued - Day 3</h2>

- Develop server-side logic and APIs for handling user requests.
- Design and implement the database schema.
- Implement user authentication, authorization, and session management.

<h2>Testing</h2>

- Plan to test features that have been built.

<h2>Retro</h2>

- Spend some time reflecting on what your main feature of your app is.

  - What is working?
  - WHat is not working?
  - What is achievable with the remaining time left?

- Present your plan for the remaining work.

---

</LessonPlan>

<Achievement {status}>

Achievement 2 - Presentation of current app and display of work flow - 30%

**Flowchart: _5 points_**

- Share a flowchart of a complex process you plan to implement in your project.
- The scope should not be trivial and it should help you plan the software implementation of a software feature.
- Submit a share link (Figma, LucidCharts, etc) in Brightspace.

**User stories: _5 points_**

- Share Project board as part of presentation.
- Submit a share link (Figma, LucidCharts, etc) in Brightspace.

**Pull Requests: _5 points_**

- Share at least 3 pull requests linked to different features in your app.
  - Submit a link to the PRs in Brightspace.

**Project App Presentation: _15 points_**

- Share codebase flow describing app entry point and how the project is organized in the codebase.
- Show the front end components.
- Describe the API(either internally created API or external API used) and how it is implemented in your app.
- Share a link to the github repo.
- Share a link to the deployed app either using vercel, netlify or pages.

</Achievement>
