---
title: Open Lab Day and Retrospective
excerpt:
status: published
---

<script>
	import Homework from "$lib/components/Homework.svelte";
	import LessonPlan from "$lib/components/LessonPlan.svelte";
	import Achievement from "$lib/components/Achievement.svelte";
</script>

<Homework {status}>

Today, we will spend some time doing a retrospective of our work thus far and plan out our last few days of work.

This is a good time to critically evaluate if you need to cut back on some features or not. We will also do some public speaking practice by giving in class summaries from our scrum planning.

</Homework>

<LessonPlan {status}>

<h2> Housekeeping</h2>

- Achievement 2 Today - Presentation of current app and display of work flow. 30%.
- [Got any Questions - HTML, CSS, Tailwind, JS or Vue? ](https://ideaboardz.com/for/CPNT-265/5239734)

---

<h2>Back end devlopment continued - Day 3</h2>

- Develop server-side logic and APIs for handling user requests.
- Design and implement the database schema.
- Implement user authentication, authorization, and session management.

<h2>Testing</h2>

- Plan to test features that have been built.

<h2>Retro</h2>

- Spend some time reflecting on what your main feature of your app is.
	- What is working?
	- WHat is not working?
	- What is achievable with the remaining time left?

- Present your plan for the remaining work.
---
</LessonPlan>

<Achievement {status}>

Achievement 2 - Presentation of current app and display of work flow - 30%

**Flowchart: _5 points_**
   - Share a flowchart of a complex process you plan to implement in your project. 
   - The scope should not be trivial and it should help you plan the software implementation of a software feature.
   - Submit a share link (Figma, LucidCharts, etc) in Brightspace.
   
**User stories: _5 points_**
   - Share Project board as part of presentation.
	- Submit a share link (Figma, LucidCharts, etc) in Brightspace.

**ER Diagram: _5 points_**
   - Complete an ER diagram of a database you plan to use in your project. It should:
     - Show proper naming conventions
     - Define all tables, columns and data types
     - Define all primary and foreign keys
   - Submit a share link (Figma, LucidCharts, etc) in Brightspace.

**Pull Requests: _5 points_**
   - Share at least 3 pull requests linked to different features in your app.
	 - Submit a link to the PRs in Brightspace.

**Project App Presentation: _15 points_**
   - Share codebase flow describing app entry point and how the project is organized in the codebase.
   - Show the front end components.
   - Describe the API(either internally created API or external API used) and how it is implemented in your app.
   - Share a link to the github repo.
   - Share a link to the deployed app either using vercel, netlify or pages.

</Achievement>
